                     LISP Packet Dissector for Wireshark
		     ===================================

The Locator/ID Separation Protocol (LISP) is a protocol developed within the
IETF LISP Working Group, with the main goal of improving global Internet
routing scalability by separating topologically aggregatable IP addresses used
for routing in the core (locators) from provider independent endpoint IP
addresses (identifiers).

The LISP data plane encapsulates packets when going from the identifier
numbering space to the locator numbering space (transit), and decapsulates
them when reaching the destination identifier numbering space.  The LISP
control plane maintains a distributed database with the information necessary
to do the encapsulation.

This project implements LISP dissector code for the popular Wireshark network
analyzer.  Starting with version 1.6.x, a revision of this dissector was
included in the upstream project, and each new stable series added new
features from here.  However, stable release series typically happen only once
a year, and during that time new LISP dissector features are only available
here first.  Periodically new code is submitted upstream and becomes available
in the Wireshark Subversion and Git repositories. 

The code is organized in two files, one for data plane packets
(packet-lisp-data.c), another for control plane packets (packet-lisp.c).
These files should be used to overwrite the upstream version in the
epan/dissectors directory in the Wireshark source tree. The stadard Wireshark
source build procedure must be followed afterwards to build the network
analyzer.

The dissector code is developed against the 1.11.x development branch of
Wireshark.  It may build with older series as well, although some functions
calls may need to be changed slightly.


